Add Testing a pull request (#19978)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/testing_pr.md

# Testing a pull request 

> When submitting a pull request to a Sourcegraph-maintained extension repositories, there are a few tests you'll need to pass before the request can be reviewed. These tests runs logical tests that we author to make sure our code runs as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting a pull request to a Sourcegraph-maintained extension repository, there are a few tests you'll need to pass before the request can be reviewed. These tests run logical tests that we author to make sure our code runs as expected.
```
